nobody can do one or the other
ready
but everything indicates that they
have already earn or
but the facts were sold notes
that almost nothing is there anymore
overwhelming in a land lamentable 10
or 50 m chest came outgoing gold
apply
So a mini part of his property
back calls like germany now
or more recently and this process up
It will take seven years until 2020
can be delivered means that
only one
I am afraid that Germany still
never stand around 3000 tons
will see you again
why paper would be much better
since the regular their true value
namely zero go back
with conspiracy theories this evening
corpses and color around the German
gold nothing to do with fairytale uncle
deception and at best amounted to one
classic cabaret stick with
deafening from the wall street and
the US citizen grateful as the secret
higher basically is a unding deal
success of the investment their purchasing power
never even went 0 and goes franc for
left to storage
just as little as you might his
wife be husband the grandma or too
his liver kidneys and his brands
provider leaves expand and
So well possible only once hooked up
let show
this is perhaps the media the victim
is ever at sun and drive as
I do not know maybe bathing holiday
but this dear inspector board likes one
Be honest man may be it
good with the German meant
But there is another one right away
more compliant or even forced
Henchman of the us elite the brückner
makes bureaucracy and the ezb
who forbade the game loudly without the
eyelash twitch in the price of the wise
In any case, it makes one lose one's game
still rely on the
Dear Federal Bank if you stupid brazen
wise fairy tale he has that
German gold seen where
in a pleasantly darkened what
subtitle room maybe some wood
build carefully with fighting
gold paper wrapped by aldi
but possibly not at all
there but only the golden ones
his heavy tie pins
Host after the eighth grade
California were many in the southeast
people's illusions maybe
you also have a sophisticated one
let him come that knows everything
because the thing would have been similar
you would have 50 or 80 financial journalists
Invited people from the subject and this
highly critical puck to the real ones
store led
equipped with letter and test equipment
and everyone counting to their heart's content
and test instead of cheap pr escorts
unreel
but it seems like there are none
location and no gold so 700 tons of
A total of 3200 is a kind of mini quantity
First of all, why, if required
the 3400 has been the first one and
the logistical task is 700 tons too
you can either transport with
a great whaler or a love
boat with a few thousand passengers
or a strong transatlantic
kabelger ship left
plus a submarine or a gunboat
as protection against pirates in poses with
find their exhaust gases
Here you should chance to ask the bullet
the courses president france the
French gold still closing
the gold window by nothing with two
warships are cannons under ground
Sending the mass read in the us
pick up or introduce one could also
a big answer to the planes
Rents are the cheapest of their class
the time is knew because now needs
Well, as long as we have one
Atlantic crossing just takes
maybe a few days with
Pinkelpausen the others went out
pretty much a little faster maybe
the jet fuel runs out what we unfortunately
Frequently the cost charge happens
insurance you and air transport
Discharge and shipment via the
highway to the destination maybe in
repository gorleben
because collectively regulated logistics
predecessor the costs three times in the
appropriate tables as they
International freight forwarding lead this
Costs were perhaps
the same issues as germany
two days war he forgiveness forcible
Development assistance in the friendly
Afghanistan must raise the
gold price has been a kind for years
political fussball.de has cashed and has
hardly anything with the market forces too
do
Carefully coordinated media campaigns
massive price bridges through
short positions American
Big banks and hedgefonds recently
even the kinetic ones
state posts wisely with the
Track cheap shopping as well
physical seller national bank gold
Libya gold their gold etf gold and the
gold reserves scared investors that
everything brings the prices of course
But ammunition is for the most part
Missed
The price was likely soon
be achieved or is it already many
but no longer profitable for me and the
Asians believe most of them
gold of the covenant to the east and maybe
the price floor is 1000 dollars
per ounce gets a bit deeper
maybe it is already
getting started is worth the while
deepest point to exactly match that you
the place nobody plays either
Role if the price later hear from
several thousand dollars or even more
higher rises the big gold bull
phase is fully intact because it changes the
Price correction for the last twelve months
not the least